Small PR (#8)
apace100/origins-docs: docs/bientity_conditions/can_see.md

---

> title: Exists (Bi-Entity Condition)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Can See (Bi-entity Condition)
```

date: 2021-10-06
---
# Can See

[Bi-Entity Condition](../bientity_conditions.md)

> Checks if you can see the entity targetted by the condition (e.g They are within your line of sight)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the target entity is within the perspective angles (first person, front third person, back third person) of the actor entity.
```
